[rf-module] Introduce network load balancer (#299)
wireapp/wire-server-deploy: terraform/modules/aws-network-load-balancer/README.md

Terraform module: Network load balancer
=======================================

State: __experimental__

This module creates a network load balancer for HTTP (port 80) and HTTPS (port 443) traffic.
It uses a *target group* for each port and attaches all instances that share the given *role*
to each group. It furthermore uses the given target ports to check their health.

Load balancing happens across availability zones. The VPC is determined by the given environment.
The subnets used within the VPC are assumed to

a) have an internet gateway
b) are tagged with `Routability:public`
c) be attached to the machines tagged with the `target_role`

> 

Reviewer: too many blank lines.

Author: Removed

> *Please note, in order for this to work, ingress has to be allowed on the given target ports for all target machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Please note, in order for this to work, ingress has to be allowed on the given target ports on all target machines.
```

Author: Fixed

> Furthermore, since those target machines are referred to by their role (AWS tag) and are not part of an auto-scaling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, since those target machines are discovered via their 'Role' AWS tag and are not part of an auto-scaling
```

Author: Outdated

group, the instance of this module has to be re-applied every time the set of machines changes.* 

AWS resources: lb (type: network)

> 

Reviewer: too many blank lines.

Author: Removed

#### How to use the module

```hcl
module "nlb" {

>   source = "github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy.git//terraform/modules/aws-network-load-balancer?ref=develop"

Reviewer 2: While only an example, this is likely getting copy-pasted into different locations (if we don't do something like https://github.com/zinfra/backend-issues/issues/1576 or the other linked issues)

We should never refer to a mutable ref, but a specific commit ID for reproducibility.

Reviewer 2: I'd just change this to have `?ref=$commitID`, and defer the lookup and updating strategy to the ones using the module.

Author: As you said yourself, it's an example and likely to be copied, so, changing this to `$commitID` would become a non-working example. While I'm pro putting people's nose into this when copy&pasting w/o thinking, I would propose

1) do this in a different PR, because it's done this way in all the other modules, too
2) choose sth less misleading, e.g. `?ref=CHANGE-ME` because a ref can also be sth else, e.g. tag or branch, not just a commit ID. People can make their own choice when it comes to version pinning.

Would you be okay with that?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, my whole point was to simply not silently/accidentially pin this to a branch.

I don't really have a strong opinion on whether this should be `CHANGE-ME` or `$commitID`, pick what you prefer. :+1:

Reviewer 2: This still needs to be replaced with some placeholder.

Reviewer 2: The cleanup PR removing the other occurences of where we just propose using `develop` is here: https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy/pull/318

Reviewer 2: The PR was merged, please update the placeholder to be consistent with the other locations.

Author: Doubling the effort. sure why not. Adjusted.

>   source = "github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy.git//terraform/modules/aws-network-load-balancer?ref=develop"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  source = "github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy.git//terraform/modules/aws-network-load-balancer?ref=CHANGE-ME"
```

Author: Adjusted
